Question one.
Should governments have the power to
control what people say online?
Question two.
Is banning social media a good way to
stop fake news?
Question three.
What if social media didn't exist in your country?
Question four.
Is it more important to have freedom or
safety on the Internet?
Question five.
Should the government teach people how to
use social media responsibly instead of
banning it?
Question six.
What if your government suddenly banned
all social media platforms tomorrow?
Question seven.
Is it fair for the government to decide
what information people can access online?
Question eight.
Can banning social media really stop
people from sharing dangerous ideas?
Question nine.
What if only some social media platforms
were banned, but not others?
Question ten.
Is it possible to have both free speech
and a safe Internet at the same time?
Question ten.
Is it possible to have at the same time
freedom of expression and a Internet security?
Question six.
Is it possible to haveными says others?
Question ten.
Is it possible to use social media
platforms that make these people
conscious these people like an income?"
Thank you.